chore: update docs for Evaluate Async (#21)
testiumjs/testiumjs.github.io: api/wd/index.md

browser.evaluate('hash', function getLocationProp(prop) {
  return window.location[prop];
});

#### `browser.evaluateAsync(args..., function(args...))`

> The executed script is assumed to be asynchronous.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The executed script is assumed to return a Promise.
```

> Returns a Promise of the given function, invoked on the webdriver side (so you can not bind its `this` object or access context variables via lexical closure).

Reviewer: We try to keep the `.md` files wrapped around 80 cols:
```suggestion
Returns a Promise of the given function, invoked on the webdriver side (so you
can not bind its `this` object or access context variables via lexical closure).
```

> If you provided `args`, testium will marshals them as JSON and passes them to the function in the given order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you provided `args`, testium will marshals them as JSON and passes them to
the function in the given order.
```

> Note: NOT support Phantomjs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: NOT supported on PhantomJS
```

##### Example: Fetch the data

```js
// Fetching data from the client
browser.evaluate(() => {
  return fetch('http://example.com/movies.json')
    .then(response => response.json());

> });

Reviewer: nice example - maybe skip the `{ return }` and just use implict return to make it super-pretty?

Author: @dbushong 
I keep the `return` just want to remind they don't forget to return a `Promise` :)

Author: Add the `return` in the async example

browser.evaluate('hash', function getLocationProp(prop) {
  return window.location[prop];
});

> #### `browser.evaluateAsync(args..., function(args...))`

Reviewer: this is inside the ```js block above, and will render wrong

Author: Good catch, updated :P
